yeah this is dan from the desert and
this is watching line at the submarines
to do here in Bushwick Brooklyn and
today we're going to learn how to eq an
electronic snare drum so today I'm using
Logic Pro X so basically I click on the
channel strip of the snare drum down
here to the left and and we open up our
parametric EQ which comes up here
basically the first thing you should do
when you go to effect any track one
track is roll off the bottom end because
well with electronic sounds they're
usually pretty clean but you'll find
it'll help a mix become clearer and more
focused if you roll off bottom end of
all the elements so basically you'll
play the snare drum and with a you'll
put a sharp slope at the moment it's 48
DB per octave and you'll run the
high-pass filter until you start to hear
the snare drum become effective so just
there you can hear the bottom and start
rolling off so basically once you hear
once you just start to hear it changing
which is about there then pull it back
about 15% so here make the slope a
little more gentle so I still capture
some of the bottom and stuff not killing
the sound completely and that's your low
cut that's the first thing you should do
okay so yeah once the low cut is done
you want the snare to pop out in the mix
a little harder so you'll set this high
band up here to 4k 4000 haratz and then
you will bump that up
until it starts to sound a little
crisper and there it is there down there
it's like a 5d reversed you can widen
the Cure to capture some of the other
frequencies either side to fill out the
sound if you feel it needs it so once
it's got that shot pop then you go down
to 200 which is a low band frequency and
then you can adjust 200 up this will
give us some body just a little because
you don't want it to just sounding to
tubby
and that's pretty much it so with the
birds without the boost with the bush
without the boost this is Dan from the
death set at the submarine studio and
I've just shown you how to EQ an
electronic snare drum and this is
scratch DJ academy watch and learn
you